#Expectations & Scope of Laura's Work#
Following defines the scope of work, expectations, and key responsibilities for the Accessibility & Content Writer role within the services offering team

Scope of Work & Responsibilities
1. Content Enhancement - Incorporate Instruction design standards and principles
Work closely with instructional designer (@kim-fields) to update and enhance existing service offering assets.
Ensure content is clear, concise, and aligned with instructional design best practices.
Develop new documentation and materials as needed to support evolving service offerings.
2. Accessibility Enhancements
Review and update existing service offering assets to ensure they comply with accessibility standards defined by GitHub Workplace Accessibility and Industry Standards.
Implement best practices for accessibility in written content, visual elements, and relevant multimedia assets.
Ensure that documents, presentations, and other materials are inclusive and usable by all audiences (internal and external).
3. Process & Operational Integration
Work with relevant stakeholders to establish a standardized process for ensuring accessibility compliance in all content.
Define and document operating procedures to include accessibility reviews in offering content development workflows.
Collaborate with content owners, designers, and SMEs to enforce accessibility standards.
4. Accessibility Awareness & Enablement
Develop internal guidelines and training materials to promote accessibility best practices across all offerings in collaboration with Enablement team (@kim-fields).
Advocate for accessibility by educating teams on its importance and impact where and when possible.
Organize workshops or knowledge-sharing sessions to build accessibility awareness among stakeholders where and when possible.
Expected Outcomes
Improved accessibility compliance across all service offering assets.
A clearly defined process for incorporating accessibility in content development.
Enhanced collaboration between content developers, instructional designers, and other stakeholders.
Increased awareness and adoption of accessibility best practices throughout the organization by identifying possible and relevant metrics to track the efficacy of related key initiatives
Next Steps

1. Schedule an initial onboarding session to align on expectations and priorities with identified stakeholders.

2. Identify key assets requiring immediate accessibility updates working in collaboration with @klnlopes and @kim-fields.

3. Develop a roadmap for accessibility improvements and process integration in collaboration with @klnlopes and @kim-fields.

4. Set up regular check-ins to track progress and address challenges by integrating this into existing snippets and reports in collaboration with @klnlopes.
Resources
Accessibility Resources: Seismic
Workplace Accessibility
Note: This issue will evolve based on feedback and organizational priorities.
